I'm Gu Qingqing.
She's your sister.
17 He is my sister
Where are you hospitalized?
Sister, why are you still running around when you are sick?
17 is my husband
I'll take care of 17.
I won't let you worry
World, I am your Miss Gu
I know you sisters have a good relationship.
You're forgiven for worrying about your brother-in-law's health
But after all, Siya is there
He will take good care of Shi Qing
Siya take Shi Qing to have a good rest
Shi Qing, let's go back and rest
Gu Siya is obviously the wife on my marriage certificate
But why do I reject his affection so much?
I guess it's because of eleven
Just wait until your memory is restored
I can do it myself.
Gu Qingqing, didn't I warn you?
Stay away from my son
Now he has completely forgotten about you.
He doesn't remember me.
My son has long forgotten about you
Now.
You two have nothing to do with each other
Stay away from my son and daughter-in-law
Jing Jing, are you alright?
Senior, how are you?